reference/cel: add a statement about streaming responses (#478)
agentgateway/website: content/docs/standalone/latest/reference/cel/variables.md

## Variables by policy type

> Depending on the policy, different top-level variables are bound when CEL runs. A variable is only non-null when it is populated for the current request (for example, `has(jwt.sub)` or `has(apiKey.key)`). The same name can refer to different snapshots depending on pipeline stage: early policies evaluate against the live HTTP request, while logging, tracing, and metrics run after the exchange and can include `response`, `mcp`, and full telemetry fields. Evaluation of response body attributes or llm response info can be inconsistent when using streaming responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the policy, different top-level variables are bound when CEL runs. A variable is only non-null when it is populated for the current request (for example, `has(jwt.sub)` or `has(apiKey.key)`). The same name can refer to different snapshots depending on pipeline stage: early policies evaluate against the live HTTP request, while logging, tracing, and metrics run after the exchange and can include `response`, `mcp`, and full telemetry fields. Note that when using streaming responses, the evaluation of response body attributes or LLM response information can be inconsistent.
```
